hello boys and girls of all ages you see
before you one of the marvels of man and
kodak esp 7 all-in-one printer that is
only five months old it uses very little
ink to save you lots of money okay it
saves you ink because it doesn't work
half the time so you're not using any
ink cartridge at all we'll show you the
inside before we continue with our
display here oh that looks like a nice
scanner model there go ahead show us the
other half driver oh look at that
complete with ink cartridges ready to go
okay so I've repaired this more than
once but I continue to have problems
with it this is the third kodak printer
that i have had that for some strange
reason stop performing its intended
purpose i keep sending them back for
replacement but all i get is more junk I
contacted Kodak requesting a replacement
and gave them the order number that they
gave me when they replace this one they
refuse to replace it without the
original receipt though they have the
date and numbers when they replace this
one and I had sent them the receipt
during one of the other replacements I
have spent hours on the telephone the
other day and was put on hold at least
five times so whoever i was talking to
could talk with this supervisor they
said unless i came up with the original
receipt of three printers ago they can't
help me so i asked if you wanted me to i
asked them if they wanted me to send the
link to youtube posting where i'm going
to destroy destroy their piece of junk i
was put on hold again and they never
came back so my trusty stunt driver will
perform a front wheel crush with her
one-ton dodge remember kids don't
attempt to do this at home without adult
supervision anyway okay prepare it
driver oh she so gingerly takes it we're
ready mm-hmm and it's set now we need
the bar driver well just perfectly set
and I said before please do not try this
at home driver are you ready are you
ready driver start your engine
bozidar
ok
go ahead driver protein
Oh No
ding
oh I don't think that one's going to be
doing us any good anymore so did quite
crush as far as I thought it would be
but go ahead driver back off
that's it folks
cut your engine ma'am that's it folks
what Micah what more can I say except
Kodak you can take your printers and
shove them and please be advised that no
animals of any kind were harmed during
this demonstration I guess we'll have to
send it back to Kodak